Felt the thoughts as a silent sound, that one either resonates with as a state of mind body and being, or acts as an audience, a listener vibrating in one's own chosen frequency. Perhaps this perception is what is called inner hearing, and is the introspective/interoceptive counterpart of external sounds that one may record with instruments. This may be counted as a sixth sense, just of an intangible and perhaps more subjective (i.e. perceptions are not necessarily identifical across people) modality.
* When the mind is not strong, i.e. a vibration hasn't been set and it is susceptible to resonance, it can be influenced by its thoughts and sakshatva is lost. When the mind is strong, it casts its frequency on what it comes in contact with, and has that rsonate to its tone. When sakshatva itself is the frequency cast, the weak follow the strong to join as the one Witness. That is why people report feeling at peace in sacred and spiritual places and company.
* The train of thought greatly depends on the frequency of a person's vibration. You truly "think" or process a concept by wholly resonating with it - on the mental, emotional and physical realms. You become one with tht concept, and your state of being or frequency in the moment of union with that concept determine the outcome of thinking that concept. Faced with a situation, if you approach it in the state of fear it is bound to have a very different fear-falvored outcome than if you approach it with excitement or faith. This perhaps ties back to the quantum principle of the act of observation mutating the observed quantity. 
* If states of being can be affected by sound, perhaps this is why music moves us so powerfully and emotionally, causing audiences to cry together at a rendition of a particular raga. Indian classical music is not performed to rapture audiences, but practiced by the artist to  sublime themselves to spiritually purer state, and occasionally take their audience along for the ride. Indeed, listenint to  Moinuddin Dagar dhrupad in Dadar felt to me as the soung of the human condition riding the waves of a transient world.
